Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewinstance-get.md

---
title: "Get accessReviewInstance"

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, retrieve an accessReviewInstance object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Retrieve an accessReviewInstance object."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get accessReviewInstance

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> In the Azure AD [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md) feature, retrieve an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) object by ID of **accessReviewInstance** and parent **accessReviewScheduleDefinition**. This returns all properties of the instance except for the associated **accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem**s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) object using the identifier of an accessReviewInstance and its parent accessReviewScheduleDefinition. This returns all properties of the instance except for the associated accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems.
```

> To retrieve the decisions on the instance, use the [list accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-list.md) API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the decisions on the instance, use [List accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-list.md).
```

## Permissions

> One of the following permissions is required to call this API. Delegated permissions to personal Microsoft accounts are not supported. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).
```

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|

> |Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.Read.All or AccessReview.ReadWrite.All  |

Reviewer: |Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|

> |Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.Read.All or AccessReview.ReadWrite.All  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All  |
```

> |Application                            | AccessReview.Read.All or AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Application                            | AccessReview.Read.All, AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |
```

In order to call this API, the signed in user must also be in a directory role that permits them to read an access review, or the user can be assigned as a reviewer on the access review.  For more details, see the role and permission requirements for [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md).

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http

> GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{definitionId}/instances/{instanceId}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{definition-id}/instances/{instance-id}
```

```
## Request headers
None.

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) object in the response body.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

> ##### Request

Reviewer: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Request

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: Remove line 48.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_accessReviewInstance"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/60860cdd-fb4d-4054-91ba-444404f3baa6/instances/12490cdb-6a18-4c08-ba2c-44442f0a0138
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer: Remove lines 56 through 65.

[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Objective-C](#tab/objc)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

> ##### Response

Reviewer: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Response

---
title: "Get accessReviewInstance"
description: "Retrieve an accessReviewInstance object."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get accessReviewInstance

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Retrieve an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) object using the identifier of an accessReviewInstance and its parent accessReviewScheduleDefinition. This returns all properties of the instance except for the associated accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems.

Reviewer 2: Would it help if you you made accessReviewScheduleDefinition and accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem be links to those resources?  E.g., if I land at this page, wanting to learn how to retrieve an access review, and I don't know what a schedule definition is.

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{definition-id}/instances/{instance-id}
```
## Request headers
None.

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) object in the response body.

## Examples
### Request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_accessReviewInstance"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/60860cdd-fb4d-4054-91ba-444404f3baa6/instances/12490cdb-6a18-4c08-ba2c-44442f0a0138
```

### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.accessReviewInstance",
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{

>     "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions('60860cdd-fb4d-4054-91ba-444404f3baa6')/instances/$entity",

Reviewer 2: I know they're there but personally I wouldn't include the "odata.context' lines here if there's nothing that the customer would do with them.
